So we're about to finish with our course.
But before we wrap things all up and before we close this thing before we finish this course let's take
out what comes next what comes after the scores.
And I hope you enjoyed this implementation and everything about their scores.
So you're ready to move on with more of AWOS.
So let's see what's going to come next to you.
So discours is a part of a series of courses on A W-S.
So this is not just a single cause I'm working on the next chapters of this cause for other AWOS resources.
And again this is the first part of that series.
So there's going to be a lot of courses on a US so that you can learn how to implement how to work with
AWOS resources and how to launch your AWOS infrastructure from your code with Python both 3 and some
other libraries.
So I believe you want more on a WS since you joined us because I'm sure that you are more on AWOS because
AWOS is quite popular these days as it has always been since at large in 2006.
So wanting more of a double as is perfectly normal and it's just great because AWOS has the extensive
resources about simply everything.
They have services from very basic stuff to quite complex things like Kuber and 80s.
Yes by Nemo D-B RDX and much more.
So knowing deep stuff and knowing how to implement them is quite critical.
In your jobs and simply in most of the enterprises these days.
So I get you and I want to provide you the best in class training on a W-S plus Python Plus both are
three and much more of the libraries so more of the AWOS Python and both all three courses will come
to you soon.
So stay tuned for it.
The topics of those courses include but not only AWOS Lamda dynamo d r d s s s s and s and much more.
So please stay tuned for my next courses and I'll be making the announcements when I launch the other
parts of my courses on AWOS resources.